(dark rock music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
♪ Never watched hands
that moved so slow. ♪
♪ Matters of opinion need to know ♪
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
♪ waiting for the enemy.
waiting for the go ♪
♪ Silent killer don't you know ♪
♪ In my head tonight ♪
♪ Panic done good gonna fight you right ♪
♪ Panic done good gonna fright you right ♪
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
♪ Brain waves pave the path to
truth. lose your mind in fear ♪
♪ What to do ♪
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
♪ Lose your mind in fear ♪
♪ Lose your mind. step up a gear ♪
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
♪ Lose your mind in fear ♪
♪ Lose your head when everyone's dead ♪
- I'm in trouble.
I've been running out of medication
For the past few weeks
and now I've got nothing
left in my system at all
and I'm going to have a
psychotic episode or pass out.
I don't know but I need an ambulance.
(air roaring)
(dark rock music)
♪ Tell me what to do ♪
♪ What else can you give ♪
- Set.
Roaring.
War. (laughs)
To th'dread rattlin' thunder.
(thunder rumbling)
It's Monday. a funday. maybe not a Sunday.
but one day. day 78 of the L-O down.
I frown and step back. 'cause
I got a smile and a track.
So new.
So blue. so down and funky.
♪ Down ♪
♪ Down. down ♪
Got a beat. nice and neat.
and a vocal that's local
to those in touch with
the darker side of life.
Press play and watch the
freshest old wax turn around
on the table before I
mention my number one fan.
M-A-D-D-I-E. you're the
light in these unhappy times.
Don't forget the timer.
That was your reminder.
(woman vocalising)
♪ See you at the ice storm
at the end of the day ♪
♪ Dangerous conditions
in which we can play ♪
♪ Cold heart breaking
don't know what to say ♪
♪ Til the rain drops ice
and it cuts my head ♪
♪ Better go inside case
it makes me dead. ♪
♪ It's 10 below. I'm freezing now ♪
♪ Never thought I'd see it right ♪
♪ Eyes wide awake at night ♪
♪ Demons are. demons are ♪
♪ Demons are forever ♪
♪ Demons come whenever ♪
(gentle music)
(door rattling)
- I'm looking for Sarah Cher?
- I'd check a list. but.
I don't have one to check.
- Oh. um. maybe I've got the wrong place.
- Oh. you can call Maisie and ask her.
She might be a bit
difficult to get hold of.
but her mobile's on the wall.
- Okay. I'll give her a try her.
- Oh. and can you give
her your details too.
- Why?
- [Ron] Contact tracing.
- I'm fine.
- COVID says no.
Sorry.
We've been in this routine for weeks now.
- Look. I know. it's me.
I think I've become a bit complacent.
- Just give Maisie a call
and give her your details
so you can go into the log.
If you do it now and I come across Sarah.
I'll let you know.
- I've not actually met her.
but apparently she's very clever.
One of those girls. you know? (laughs)
Look. um. this may not actually be true.
but she may not be very well.
- (sighs) Now. I don't want to come across
that I have no compassion
but I really don't know
who this person is.
Call Maisie. make her
aware of the situation.
(dramatic music)
(woman vocalising)
- [Marie] Hiya. I'm Marie.
- [Ron] I'm Ron.
Sorry. who are you exactly again?
So many faces in here today.
- I'm the ghost. (laughs)
In the show. I'm the ghost.
I'm Marie.
- Right. yeah.
You're with the focus group. right?
Yeah. I'm Ron. the theatre manager.
Your colleagues are just gone
to the shop for a coffee.
- Oh. well. shall I just go through then?
- Oh no. the director left
you some instructions.
- Oh. is that Maisie?
- Well. yeah. I think so.
- Cool.
Yean. I've really not been told much.
- Neither have I. I only run the place.
Hm. yeah. so the email here says.
questions and things to
ask slash tell Marie.
Have you got into costume and make-up?
- Yes.
- Are you wearing it? No.
Tell her she can get
changed in the ladies toilet
or on the stage.
- Okay. shall I'll just
go and get organised
in the theatre then?
- Wait. hang on. there's more.
It says. "If you're in your corner.
it's marked with a sign
that says Marie's corner
and people when arrive early.
just wait until you hear the script.
come out on cue when the
director starts talking
about reincarnation.
- Yeah. I think I've got it.
You know. go out. scream.
go back to my corner.
Wait until the show's over. go home.
- Yeah. Yeah. perfect.
Just text me if you've got any questions.
- Oh. where's your number?
- Laminated.
In the dressing room. so.
Oh. and if you get bored you can sneak out
from the stage via the-
- [Marie] Right. okay.
I think I've got it from there. thank you.
(door squeaking)
(Marie huffs)
(quiet eerie music)
- Oh. sorry.
- So you see the makeup I'm doing now?
- Mm-hmm.
- Right.
So this is after like Mary Jane Kelly.
you know. Jack the Ripper's final victim.
She's my favourite.
They play her at the London dungeons.
What do you think?
- It's alright.
- Do I look dead?
Like. ghostly?
- Well. yeah. I suppose. yeah.
- More contour?
- More contour.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. not quite dead yet.
- Mm-hmm. good call. (laughs)
- So. help yourself to as much sweets or-
- Mm-hmm. I found them. thank you.
- Right. so you did.
The good stuff we keep backstage.
- Mm.
- Yeah.
- This is good.
- Chocolate. yeah. yeah.
Anyway. well. I'll leave you to it.
So you know your way around and-
- Do you want some?
- [Ron] Well. now you've
eaten my favourite one.
so. just. (groans)
- [Maddie] Why can't I
stop watching that film?
I've seen it like a hundred times
and I can't stop coming back to it.
- [Shelby] What are you talking about?
- I don't know what's wrong with me.
There's just something about that film.
- Like what exactly?
Come on. I've been travelling for hours.
I'm nearly there and I
don't want to be late.
Especially as I'm a gatecrasher.
- This film is telling me something.
- What? I watched it with you.
They go to the woods.
The girl gets drunk. she
flashes back to who she was.
she realises she was
born in Mediaeval times.
End of story.
- I know all that but
there's something else.
- You drive me nuts when you
build things up like this.
This better be worth it.
- I got sent a script.
There's a prequel.
- You're an actress.
You get sent scripts when you audition.
I'm not an actress. I don't.
- It's the original script of that film.
- [Shelby] And?
You probably signed up to some film forum
and it got sent out because it's cult-
- What we watched. was a
no-budget nothing version.
That film is getting made
properly as a trilogy
and they want me in it-
- Go back to sleep.
I'm on the way to your
audition that's miles away
that you can't be bothered
to attend. remember.
I'm pretending to be you. right?
- I know but this one that's come through.
it could be massive.
There's like a contract and everything.
I've gotta discuss with my agent.
This is so big!
It's gonna make me once this
stupid lockdown is over.
- Have you read the script?
- I don't need to read the
script. it's paid work.
Anyway. in the cover
letter the producer says
that the script in the
original film was just a decoy
to test the idea and
get the money on board.
This version is gonna be amazing.
- What are you talking about?
It's so early.
I've come so far to do this for you.
- Shelby. that's a paid audition
for an advisory panel to government.
It's the best focus group you'll ever do.
And it's the best work
out there at the moment.
You can thank me for the money later.
- Anyway. How can you be so excited?
You've only been sent a script.
- Yeah. by a courier at
7:00 a.m. this morning
that I had to sign for.
And then some flowers turned up.
It was just after you left.
- No flowers turned up because
no one can distribute them.
No one is doing signatures at the moment.
- Okay. the courier knocked
and left it at the door
but still it was FedEx
so it was basically like my
movie experience is beginning.
It's happening.
- It's happening again.
- Don't Twin Peaks me. that
freaks the shit out of me.
Anyway. look I've got to go.
I've got to talk online with
these people for like 9:15 a.m.
Let me know how the focus group goes.
It did sound interesting but
nowhere near as interesting
as my life is gonna be
this time next year.
Don't die on me. all right.
you're supposed to be cooking dinner.
- Right. Don't miss the interview.
- See you when your famous.
Don't get too bored being Maddie
Simpson government advisor.
- Just get some wine. bitch.
You're well enough to do that now. right?
- Yeah. bitch.
(knuckles rapping)
(door squeaking)
Hi there. I'm Maisie.
You're the first here.
Have you come far?
- Ealing. if I was driving.
it would just be what M25. M2
but I've tubed and I've trained.
So yeah. I've been on
public transport all morning
and it's not even nine o'clock yet. right?
- I'm sorry. I haven't
even asked your name.
- Melody Shelby-Night.
It's a mouthful.
Double barreled surname.
See. I changed names recently.
It was Maddie Simpson-Night
but that's the name I
use as my stage name.
Melody Shelby-Night is my real name.
I just didn't want to use it.
- You've come in place of your friend
who couldn't make it and
are winging it a little bit?
Is that what's happening here?
- Yeah. sorry.
I didn't know what to say.
- It's fine.
We're glad you've turned up.
We've had quite a few dropouts
and last minute replacements so.
Now. don't be offended. the
director might call you Maddie
as he did try and learn
everyone's names before we begin.
Can I be frank?
- [Shelby] Of course.
- You're really not an actress are you?
- You got me twice.
No. I'm awful.
Is it a problem?
- Far from it.
We're looking for people who
can see through the facade.
- So this is more than
just a focus group then?
- We're putting together a panel
who will advise the government
on how the arts community
will react to the pandemic.
We're on topic and we know
exactly what we're doing
but between me and you.
we have to put the sewage
filter on at microscopic.
This is "Enemy of the People" stuff.
- Ibsen. huh?
And I'm Thomas Stockmann
with microscope on the table.
telling everyone there's shit in the water
and no one is listening.
- For a non-actress. you are on the ball.
- My best friend is an actress.
I'll be honest. she's really is terrible
but I couldn't say that to her face.
- [Maisie] We know Maddie.
- Wow. she sounds important.
- [Maisie] No. lockdown has
turned her into a prima donna.
- Thank God it wasn't just
me who picked up on that.
(footsteps thudding)
You know she signed up for cam work?
- Interesting.
- It's ruined her.
All we can hear from her room are
the cash register sound effects
from her laptop and squealing.
She's made an absolute
fortune these past few months
but she's absolutely addicted.
These guys send her gifts
from her Amazon wish list every day.
God. I shouldn't have said any of that.
- But you did.
Don't worry.
This has been weird for everyone.
Does she wear a mask?
- I don't know. I have
not seen her perform.
- I hope she's been discrete.
The media have a way
of digging up the past
and she was getting somewhere.
No Disney movies for her. right?
- She's done it for 77 days straight.
She's now got 49.000 followers.
I'll be honest.
I think she's given up on
her proper acting career.
The things she does.
- [Maisie] Who are we to judge
our peers in this industry?
- I couldn't do it.
I'm not very good when
it comes to intimacy.
- Why are you telling me?
- Because. I haven't seen
anyone for about three months.
I lost my job.
I split-up with my boyfriend
and you seem like a really nice person
who I'm pretty comfortable talking with
and these past few months I've realised
how I feel in certain situations.
I like scenarios like this.
Meeting new people.
Meeting intellectual equals.
- I can't give you a hug. dear.
Two metres. all that.
- I know. it's just.
I've come like 200 miles
just so Maddie can save face
and not admit to the
normal crowd of people
that she's probably
never going to act again.
(sighs) I'm sorry. I'm insecure.
I talk a lot and I latch quickly
if you show me the
slightest bit of interest.
- It's Monday. it's not even 9:00 a.m.
I get you. Shelby.
but the only reason
you're getting my time is
because you're the first here
and you're probably the only person
I'm actually going to speak to in depth
because this morning
will run like clockwork
and my webcam goes live at midday.
- [Shelby] You don't-
- [Maisie] No. I don't
but I do get booked.
(eerie music)
- I'm genuinely weird.
You're just trying to be
weird to make an impression
and to keep up with me
because you're swimming in the deep end.
And I'm a shark.
And I bite when I smell blood.
But don't worry. I don't
want to eat you anymore.
You're just like the rest.
Mocking me because I'm different.
(dramatic music)
- Don't be alarmed.
I just has a sort of
moment with that girl.
I didn't do a very good job
with inspiring confidence in her
so just build her up as best you can.
- Improvise with her a bit more. maybe?
- Yeah. play on her friend missing this.
I mean I could have just
asked her to leave but-
- She's done something to you?
- I'm gonna be frank.
She's too smart for this.
She shouldn't be here
and I think in her Mensa IQ
way that she's just told me
I was the best thing
that's ever happened to her
but because I've so bluntly
rejected her I'm now her prey.
- Why do we get weirdos?
This was so simple.
- You don't know the half of this fiasco.
This was never simple.
I'm just having to vent to you
because you needed to
know what just went on.
I was not expecting that.
- And now we've just
broken social distancing.
- Get through today and
we can break it properly.
- (laughs) You've only just met me.
- I haven't seen a soul for 83 days.
You appear to have a pulse.
And I have no standards left to adhere to.
- What if I do?
- Then I'll send a message to Shelby.
saying her attraction
should be in your direction.
- Ah. Can I retract that last sentence?
- Trust me. I've run group workshops
and corporate crap like
this for a long time.
That girl is unique.
Your audience awaits.
(people chattering)
Because this morning
will run like clockwork
and my webcam goes live at midday.
- You don't-
- No. but I do get booked
on TV shows and news items
to talk about the industry.
- What. like. as an assistant?
- Like as producer. casting director.
director. bitch who runs the show.
- Sorry.
- Don't tell me you're sorry.
I'm just being straight.
You have no idea who I am or what I do.
Time is money.
This is like a workshop.
We're looking for
performers to participate
on our advisory panel
and come in on our film.
- How did you get the contract?
- Government put it out for tender.
we knew where to look. we applied.
We're here.
We're just lowest of the low spads.
- What are spads?
- Specialist advisors.
We're Dominic Cummings with permission
to break lockdown rules
whilst we explore their
limits of practicality.
- It all sounds sneaky.
- We just got lucky.
For running a few focus groups
we've got a budget to make our film.
We just have to prepare a localised report
considering where everyone involved
in the performing arts
might be going next.
- Clever.
What else do I need to know?
Go upstairs and take a seat.
- Maddie said it was an all-day thing.
- Maddie didn't read.
Nothing is printed. everything is digital.
including signatures. and in the show
some documents only come through on cue.
Now. I can answer the
most pressing questions.
Yes. this is legitimate.
No. this isn't sneaky.
This. as you put it. is clever.
- Can we be friends after this?
- [Maisie] Direct.
What sort of friends?
Why?
- I like you.
I like your attitude.
You're like a super nerd
who dresses like a bimbo.
I could say something crude
but I won't. (giggles)
- [Maisie] Why not?
- Sometimes I say things I shouldn't
and it gets me in trouble.
I tell people I have Tourette syndrome
but it's usually deliberate
because it buzzes me when I say it.
- Okay.
I'm being polite because I always think
of this cliched old phrase.
you attract more flies
with honey than vinegar.
- I just think you're nice.
- I'm not nice.
- I'm not good with boundaries.
- Evidently.
(sighs) But it sounds
as if you've been stuck
in a flat with Rampant Maddie
for the past three months.
- Don't say it like that.
- Why not?
- You make it sound submissive.
Like I'm a little girl.
- I deal with people all the time. Shelby.
I'm a bitch.
You're exactly what I say you are.
And if you don't like that.
we can't be friends. Ever.
You're a nice girl. Shelby.
but you really need to get out more.
- Like I've been able to go anywhere
in the past three months.
- My bad.
Lockdown hasn't really
been a thing for me.
Look it up. people likely
to break lockdown rules.
those with psychopathic traits.
- [Shelby] Do you have
psychopathic traits?
- Depends.
Sadistic. maybe?
You see. I'm in the Dark Triad.
- You're pretty clever aren't you?
- I'm not clever. I just try and be smart.
- Narcissism.
Machiavellianism. psychopathy.
That's the Dark Triad. right.
- Not bad for a Monday morning.
- I just read the same
article on the train.
- So. you don't know anything
else about the Dark Triad?
- I did a Psychology degree.
I want to have faith
in humanity. humanism.
I want to align with Kantianism
but I'm just not a light triad kinda girl.
- Clearly not.
- You can call me Melody if you want to?
I can be more submissive
if that makes it easier for you
to feel more dominant over me.
- Why don't you like being called Melody?
- I'm tone deaf.
- Genuinely?
- Yeah. congenital amusia.
It was all confirmed when I was little.
My parents are both music teachers.
- Ironic.
- [Shelby] Story of my life.
I've disappointed lots of people.
- What's been your biggest
disappointment in life?
- Opening that door.
- Why is that disappointing?
- Because nothing else will
match this moment for months.
- Sarcastic banter from
a cynical cow like me.
Is that what you like?
- No.
I like simple things.
I can cope with simple things.
This seems complicated.
You're out of your depth
but it could be that
your whole company is out
of it's respective depth.
- Yeah. maybe we are.
- No. there's more to it than that.
- Is there?
(very quiet gentle music)
(camera beeping)
(dramatic music)
(upbeat music)
(footsteps tapping)
(toy whirring)
(quiet dramatic music)
- Okay. good morning. everyone!
Tell you what. just gonna
take us out of here like so.
Okay. well. thank you all for coming.
None of you know who I am.
Which is why you've been paid
to participate in this masterclass?
Here is how this works.
We have been contracted by the government
to prepare a localised report on the state
of the Performing Arts industry
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Ultimately. we need your feedback.
That is why we are in a theatre.
We are in the lifeblood
of where the economy of
production will restart.
Now. is that pretentious enough. I wonder?
What we're also doing.
is using the money we've
been paid to make a film.
You are focus group one
and you don't have to do
much other than to watch
and answer some questions when I ask you.
Now. before we get in flow of
things. these are the rules.
Do not break them.
We are under lockdown
conditions across the country.
We are on day 78.
We've been. how should I put this?
Very naughty as a production outfit
and have got you all here
in a very clever and very legal fashion.
One. I hope none of you have coronavirus.
If you do. then there's
no point in getting out.
you've already infected the room.
Two. respect social distancing.
Three. if you haven't got the credentials
we asked for you don't get paid.
Four. today you're working
as contributors to an advisory panel
on how we. acting as
agents for government.
should move forward after
the pandemic has peaked.
And by we meaning the performing
arts industry at large.
And five. this is a relaxed atmosphere.
I want us to keep it that way.
Any questions?
- How much are we getting paid again?
- Whatever it said on the advert.
- It didn't.
- It did.
- I didn't see it.
- It's a Spotlight advert.
It costs money to place those.
We saw all the actors
moaning and complaining
about how Spotlight wasn't helping them.
but why. if we weren't
serious. would we use Spotlight
and advertise a fee
alongside strict conditions.
- My agent told me to show up.
I genuinely didn't see the advert.
- If your agent told you
to walk off a bridge.
would you do it?
- It depends if that was
in the casting brief.
- Are you always this logical?
- I do what I'm told.
And yeah. I'm not good at
reading between the lines
so I just react in a direct way.
- Because you're a little bit autistic?
- No. I just lack confidence.
So I make mistakes and ask dumb questions
then beat myself for the rest of the day.
- Ah. okay. a nicely
introverted. extrovert. (laughs)
- I was in a few films when I was younger
but then I lost body confidence.
- Okay. well. step up. we need to move on.
- This of this as reality TV
which you're part of from the get go.
- What's part two?
- Listen and learn.
Today. I also want to give
you something a little extra.
I want to talk to you
about my new production.
It's called "The Mist."
It's about betrayal and treachery
within government and law enforcement.
But that isn't good entertainment
for 60 million people
in a heatwave who just want
to get out of the house.
No. we need escapist fantasy
but that is un-produceable without money.
"The Mist" is about all
the people who I know
who've worked against me
and who tried to sabotage my progress.
It's allegorical.
It's metaphorical.
It's a parallel.
Run with this and you will be rewarded.
Mock it and you will be
immortalised for doing so.
Our relationships live and die
in this next two hour time frame.
The clock's ticking.
folks. so be on your guard.
Scared?
Excited?
You've all been betrayed
before. I presume?
Come on. wakey. wakey. hands up.
Who's been betrayed before
by someone they loved and trusted?
You. what's your name?
- Melody.
- Beautiful name.
How did you get here. Melody?
I'm casting "The Mist" right now
and I'm gonna give you a part
but the answer you give.
dictates the part you're going to get.
- I got the train.
- From where?
- London. Ealing. so tube then train.
I had to get up early to make it.
- Did I ask for detail?
- No.
- Then why did you give me detail?
- I thought that's what you wanted.
- What is this?
- An acting class.
A government advisory panel?
- Better.
- Thank you.
- You're here to work.
Don't thank me.
So. Melody. why did you give me detail?
- I was trying to indicate
the effort I made to get here.
- Okay.
When I ask a question I'm
looking for direct answers.
Yeah?
If I want detail I'll
ask you to elaborate.
Understand?
Now. Melody. what was
the last role you played.
- I was the narrator
in the Christmas play in primary school.
- Ah. thrown yourself
in at the deep end here.
(Michael laughs)
- I'm here in place of a friend.
She had a big audition come
up and couldn't make it.
She didn't want to see the
train ticket to go to waste.
- What was the audition?
- Film.
- Film. How much for?
I'm sure she would've talked about it.
- I don't know how much.
- And she chose that over today
even though she was gonna get paid?
Now Melody. the role I'm giving you
in "The Mist." it pays 3.350 pounds.
It's a flat rate for a few weeks filming.
Do you want the job?
- I've not acted since primary school.
- You made the effort
to take public transport
to get across London to
get to the back of beyond
for 9:00 a.m. during lockdown.
You made the effort.
Do you want the job?
- Yeah. all right.
- What did your friend say?
- There's been a mix up.
They'd already cast the role
and then they didn't need
to see anymore clients.
- Right. first rule of
"The Mist." believe in it.
Your friend turned us down
for a video conference
audition that got cancelled.
yet you've just landed
yourself a bigger role
than she's ever had
and you've not acted since primary school.
- Believe it when I see it.
- Go and see Maisie next door.
she'll give you an advance.
- I don't want to miss what you do next.
- Ah. so you trust me?
- Yeah.
- Good. All right. so. what's
the first rule of "The Mist."
- Believe in it?
- Everybody. come on. what's
the first rule of "The Mist?"
- [All] Believe in it.
- Right. thank you.
So. do you see. you're
all here for a reason.
You're all cast.
Who's up for it?
- How do we know it's real?
- Ask Maisie or check your phones.
It's what you do during these
workshops anyway. isn't it?
All of your agents have contacted you.
- Have you got free Wi-Fi?
- Do I look like the
fucking IT department?
Yes. look for the cloud and
use the mist. all lowercase.
If you look to the walls
you'll find the Wi-Fi
password on the posters.
It is traitor. T-R-A-I-T-O-R.
- What time does this finish?
- Why are you asking me that question?
- It's a long day. man.
I'm supposed to be shooting a short film
about lockdown in our house this evening
and I need to leave by 4:00 p.m.
so I might have to skip
on the last section.
- Hey. look. fine by me.
It's your career.
- Thanks man.
- Are you hungover?
- No.
- Stoned?
- I don't get it.
- Do you follow instructions?
- Yeah.
- Then why don't I care
if you've got to leave at four o'clock?
- Is this an exercise?
- Yeah. it's called
was I paying attention?
- Was I?
- No. Work it out four o'clock.
I'm gonna move on now.
if that's okay with you.
Right. so. now I need
to tell you all about me
before I can bring you up
to speed with "The Mist."
So do I have any volunteers?
Who wants to be me?
- I'll do it.
- Melody. are you sure?
You haven't acted since primary school.
All right. I'll give you a shot.
Sight read this.
Check your phone for the pdf.
- I've been misunderstood
for as long as I can remember
but as I can brutally attest.
the ethos I've worked to
hasn't reaped any benefits.
As I will detail. I've
helped countless people
over the years but I've
never had this faith repaid.
In my entire career.
I've never ever had
a reciprocated opportunity afforded me.
I honestly have no idea how
I've kept producing but I have.
I've literally done everything on nothing
and this includes a crippling
lack of emotional support.
In this life. if I do
get somewhere in film
no one will be more shocked than me.
- Wow. is that me?
Yeah. of course it's me but
that information is generic.
It could be a lot of people.
Don't ruin it.
This is an Oscar clip and that's personal.
- I believe firmly in reincarnation.
I'm not a Buddhist nor do I practise any
of the world's religions
but I'm pretty confident
I've been in this world before.
I was gone before the Second World War
but definitely lived through the evolution
of the movie business in North
America and had influence.
I'm pretty sure I was born close
to the sea near Malibu. California.
Presently. I've never
felt at home in England
and I've been a fish out
of water my whole life.
- [Director] Not bored
but let's give the rest
of the group a chance.
Next.
- Where's the speech?
- Delivered to your phone.
- Oh. those are the emails
that have been coming through.
I've been deleting them.
- (scoffs) Someone else.
- I can't sight read from my phone.
- I think that girl is
asleep already. fantastic.
Melody. I shouldn't have
questioned your ability.
You're my go to reader.
You know. when we organised this
we thought this was gonna be simple.
Take it away. Melody.
- I can give you the finished article
but I can't show you my working.
It's caused incredible frustration
because there has been so much I've wanted
to articulate or create that I can't
because my body doesn't perform
what my brain understands.
I get crippled with what
I call logic blocks.
This isn't writer's block. or OCD.
it is the complete inability
to get past a simple obstacle.
like a computer stuck
constantly restarting.
leading to an entirely
black thought process.
(quiet eerie music)
If you've ever felt what I'm
describing you might relate
but two other odd things have stuck out
and presented themselves to me.
Jean Harlow has been
something of a fascination
but I'm also sure I had
ties to a French doctor.
Marie Curie. for a period.
I've crossed paths with her in this life
but it didn't end well.
- What's your full name. Melody?
- Melody Shelby-Night.
- Well read.
In "The Mist". you can be me.
- Is this story true?
- Did everyone get the story?
I think I've been here before.
- What do you mean?
For real? Like. can you elaborate?
- I believe in reincarnation.
In another life I was born
near Malibu in America in 1900
but Malibu back then
wasn't the place it is now.
It was like a private estate.
my mother was a Mexican peasant
and she was a master of pottery.
I was three and I had a little blue suit
and I remember looking out to sea
and watching as the waves
crashed in and my feet got wet.
- What's the bit about Marie Curie?
- It's hazy.
I had a relationship with a French doctor
who was older than me.
And in a regression my mind told me
it was Marie Curie or one of her sisters.
I'm telling you I
believe in reincarnation.
(eerie music)
(ghostly whispering)
- Are you all right?
What you're talking
about is a bit surreal.
- It is surreal.
And it's my life.
(ghostly whispering)
- Okay.
- Look. would you all
just follow the game here?
It's from the script. yeah?.
- So. you're not really reincarnated?
(eerie music)
- I've been here before.
I'm tuned in.
And you're all buried from the get-go.
Who you are
who each and everyone of you are.
is about 20 layers beneath
the personality you present
to the rest of the world.
- Have you got proof
of your reincarnation?
- My old friend behind me is standing
at the back of the stage.
(eerie music)
(footsteps shuffling)
(toy whirring)
She didn't much like the Marie Curie girl
and that's why she jumped in on her.
- What do you mean jumped in on her?
(toy whirring)
- Radio controlled. Maisie's idea.
Do you know what happens
with naive people?
They have a glow. an
aura that surrounds them.
They're just innocent because
they haven't quite worked out
how hard this world is to navigate.
And everyone on the other side.
and this means you have to believe
in some kind of the other side. sees this.
They know they can jump in
and conduct through
these people. so they do.
It doesn't happen for
long. but it's long enough
and then these innocents.
when they change.
and it happens instantly.
they lose the glow.
They stop conducting and
free fall out of your life.
- Wait. that is real for you. isn't it?
- This is "The Mist" I'm talking about.
And it's why I want to
make a film about it.
You see in here. you're
in my place of worship.
You're in my church.
And this is where all my ghosts live.
- People don't get you. do they?
- Ah no. they get me.
they just get out of
their depth real quick.
- What about Marie Curie?
Who was she to you?
- She come to me again in a dream
and I've lost contact with her since.
So. really. she's just another ghost.
- And a character in "The Mist"?
- Yeah. maybe.
- What are we really supposed
to learn from this workshop?
This is a bit weird.
- Trust me. folks. you're not
going to like me for this.
But I'm gonna make you famous.
- How are you going to do that?
- By killing one of you
to wrap up the event.
I digress.
Whose learnt something today?
- This whole thing is about
creating make-believe. right?
- Go on. I'm hearing intelligent thought.
- It's about seeing if
we can be naive enough
to be children again.
- And we're all going to paint rainbows.
(scoffs) You're astute.
But what if this experience
isn't about being naive?
- Then you've kind of conned us
into a group therapy session?
- Another good stance
but we've paid you all
to be here. remember?
This is a job and I haven't even begun
to explain what your responsibilities are
and most of you have forgotten
that that is why you're here.
- What are the responsibilities then?
- [Director] Dig deep.
Ask questions of yourself.
Why are you here?
- Is that some ancient
Greek tragedy method shit?
(all laughing)
- Fatal flaw. hamartia. all that?
- Foreign language man.
I'm Meisner trained.
- So you can recite 80
pages of your script
to the fucking wall with
the same dull inflexion?
Fantastic.
Remind me not to give you a big role.
'cause you're wooden as fuck.
- I'm not wooden.
You should see my reviews.
- Oh. I did.
Why did I choose you?
23 productions since graduating.
Consistently praised for his.
"articulation and diction.
"this person is truly
a performer to watch."
Is that about right?
- They've all been fringe productions.
- Who's gonna go one better?
- I trolled a production I was in once
'cause I didn't like the director.
He was all over this other
actress in the rehearsal
and at the time I was going through
some weird religious thing
and I'd got ditched by my boyfriend.
So to be honest.
I was just jealous of any guy
giving another girl attention.
And it just went down hill from there.
- Ah. and 'cause said
director didn't love you.
you decided he was a piece of shit.
- Probably.
- You're doing this for the wrong reason.
Just like you thought
religion was the answer.
That script was blasphemous wasn't it?
And you wouldn't blaspheme at all.
Not once in that rehearsal process
could you bring yourself to
utter the words. Jesus Christ.
- Christ.
How would you know that?
- It's in the script.
I know the director. don't I?
Why are you all here?
Has none of you picked up on this yet?
You are all connected
to me by a third party
yet you're so superficial
and self-absorbed
that not one of you has
bothered to work out the link.
(quiet eerie music)
(gentle music)
(woman vocalising)
- Hi. Shelby.
Why'd you do it?
Why did you tell everyone that
I started doing webcam work?
You were the only one
that knew I was doing it.
I wore a mask. had a persona.
Nobody knew it was me.
But suddenly the comments
started sounding really familiar
but I didn't care 'cause
the gifts kept turning up.
The money kept pouring in
and just like me it hasn't stopped coming
for the past three months.
But little by little.
people started treating me differently.
All the guys in my class
started turning up to watch
and now everyone knows what I've done
just to get through this.
And no one's gonna want to
hire me as a real actress
because apparently I'm not anymore.
I'm every name under the
sun and thanks to you.
everyone I know has tuned in.
So I thought I'd pull some strings
and see if I can grab people's
attention a different way.
Don't come back to the flat.
I've already sent your
stuff to your parents.
And don't bother playing
that single white female shit on Maisie.
She's clever.
You just wanted to control
me and I didn't even realise.
I was never ill.
You kept me indoors.
You locked me in my room for two weeks.
You wouldn't even let me use the toilet
and I didn't think anything of it.
It was you who put me
onto the webcam work.
And you knew I'd go for it
because I'm vain and I like attention
and I can cope with knowing
that people want me.
(dramatic music)
- I never did anything like that. Maddie.
- Shelby. yes. you did.
You're a freak.
I've been trying to get you out of my flat
for three months now.
You're a psycho.
You let me degrade myself
because you could watch
from the room next door knowing
that I couldn't make a
single move to get out.
For all that time you controlled me.
You put me in jail and
I threw away the key
because that's what you told me to do.
You convinced me I was
a thousand times worse
than I actually was.
You're the one who is ill.
You're the one who is sick. Shelby.
And you know what you're mistake was?
(laughs) You told me you couldn't
sing and you couldn't act.
Oh. but I found you in Edinburgh.
What a little performer you were.
You've never stopped.
You just changed your
name and dyed your hair.
- Stop it.
Who are all these people?
- Sorry. I'm actually just
an actor hired by her.
I'm part of their show.
She was gonna tour with it
and do some topical bollocks on it.
- This is a show?
But. Maddie. they don't
even know your real name.
You're MSN Hottie. right.
- [Maddie] Melody Shelby-Night Hottie.
MSN Hottie. right. bitch?
I let them know my real name.
Oh. and my private videos are free now.
- I never did what you do.
- Uh. you re-enacted it.
Pressing record on your
laptop kinda proves that.
Well. sorry. if I went to an extreme
but you're twisted and
you really fucked me up.
- I know I've got problems
but Melody Shelby-Night.
That really is my name.
Whatever I used before.
that was fake. but.
you've put my name out there like that.
that's my real name.
- It's only what you deserve.
- I did everything for
you when you were ill.
- Well. then maybe. I'm just ungrateful.
- How did you get here?
- I've got a car. I can drive.
You can't play a Queen Bee. Shelby.
I know every trick in the book.
No one ever has to know
that I did shit online.
No one even cares
and yeah. I made a
fuckload so lick it. bitch.
(gentle music)
- You're Maddie's best
friend from primary school.
(laughs) I recognised you as
soon as you opened the door.
I can't believe you set me up.
- Wow.
This is dynamite.
It's like a full-on domestic
in the middle of an acting workshop.
- (laughs) You're just an actor then?
Do you know her?
- Not until she turned up.
- And that was all improv?
- Mostly.
(gentle music)
(all laughing)
♪ Take me to the underworld ♪
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh ♪
(woman humming)
♪ See you at the ice storm ♪
♪ The end of the day ♪
- I watched her walk away.
She's gone. Maddie.
Sorry. everyone.
The show really is over.
You can all go home now.
the money's already been sent out.
Any questions. sue us. we don't exist.
If you're lucky the press might call you.
They might not.
This was real.
Shelby has basically kept Maddie hostage
in her own flat for the past three months.
- We're actors.
We've done a million
schlock workshops like this.
I mean. it's a great gimmick
but I want to see where
you're going to take it.
"The Mist" is gonna be amazing.
- "The Mist" isn't real.
Do I have to say it again?
Maddie had been held hostage
by her psychotic flatmate
for the past three months.
We came up with this ridiculous situation
to get Shelby out of her life.
- [Eleanor] I really want
to be part of "The Mist"
but I've gotta go get my train
so I can email you for
more details. right?
- Yeah. but in the meantime. please.
Fuck off.
Come on.
Off you fuck.
Fucking actors.
Are we not being genuinely
distraught enough?
(Maddie sobbing)
(gentle music)
- I'm not sure how to feel.
- How the fuck did you even get involved
with that girl. Maddie?
I mean. I kinda liked her
but I don't think she would've liked me.
- I wish you'd said that three months ago.
All she wanted was a boyfriend.
It was the night you moved
back in with your parents.
A week and a half before lockdown?
- The argument?
- You moved out. she moved in.
Two years. Ben.
Why did we split up?
- (scoffs) Because I run out of money
and I made an idiot of myself.
Where'd you even meet her?
- Revolution.
Charlie vouched for her.
- Charlie? He vouches for everyone.
- She's done this same thing
to a lot of other girls before.
- Just be honest.
Maisie. she did it to you
but it never went further than
the fucking computer screen.
- (laughs) Jesus.
You all pull me in on some shit.
- Wait. she. she's left her bag. (groans)
What the fuck is that?
No. come on. what the fuck is that?
She leave cakes in the oven?
See what else is in that bitches bag.
(woman vocalising)
- I'm in trouble.
I've been running out
of medication for weeks
and now there's nothing
left in my system at all.
I'm gonna have a psychotic episode.
Or pass out or. I don't know.
But I need an ambulance.
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ Demons in my mind tonight ♪
♪ Pull them back inside the light ♪
♪ Watch the dark as I see snow ♪
♪ Watch the dark pull back the glow ♪
♪ Take me to the underworld ♪
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ See that sharpness coming soon ♪
♪ Oh. oh. down below ♪
♪ Down below. down below ♪
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Down below ♪
- [Maisie] "Dear Maddie.
thank you for giving me
this opportunity to get back into work.
Lots of love. Shelby.
Kiss. kiss."
"Dear Production Team.
thank you for letting me participate
in your workshop at short notice.
Kind regards. Shelby."
- Why the fuck is there
a timer in her bag?
- She microdoses her medication
to stay stable through the day.
She told me she was either
running out of her medication
or someone close to her was stealing it
because they she knew she
would act up without it.
I'm sorry. Maddie.
I didn't do any of this for you.
I did it so that you would
stop torturing that poor girl.
You're a bully.
You're not my friend
and I've mocked someone for a long time
who never deserved to be mocked.
It's over.
Finish drama school and
don't put on this play.
Don't you dare.
Grow up.
(gentle music)
- Hiya. yeah. we've finished.
You can come and clean up.
Ah. yeah. all good thank you.
We were just missing one.
(woman vocalising)
♪ Ah. ah ♪
(Maddie sighs)
(ghostly whispering)
(dramatic music)
- It's warming up here on the 78.
78 days of fear and loathing
in your couped up mind.
I'm doing my best to release the pressure.
Unwind. appreciate your leisure.
Drop a track that clicks
your mind into gear.
Step up to your thoughts.
Admit you might be wrong.
Admit that maybe our situation
has been running on too long.
Thoughts brewing insidious.
Rotation continuous.
The time has flown.
ready for me to play what
I've previously been shown.
- [Man] Ready. ready. ready?
- Music to my ears.
Set.
Roaring.
War.
(gentle music)
♪ Take me to the underworld ♪
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
(woman humming)
♪ See you at the ice storm ♪
♪ At the end of the day ♪
♪ Dangerous conditions
in which we can play ♪
♪ Cold heart breaking.
don't know what to say ♪
♪ Til the rain drops ice
and it cuts my head ♪
♪ Better go inside case it makes me dead ♪
♪ Take me to the underworld ♪
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ Demons in my mind tonight ♪
♪ Pull them back inside the light ♪
♪ Watch the dark as I see snow ♪
♪ Watch the dark pull back the glow ♪
♪ Take me to the underworld ♪
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ See that sharpness cut my soul ♪
♪ Down below ♪
♪ Below. down below ♪
♪ Take me down below ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Down below ♪
(woman humming)